README.md, before:

## Final Report
The report is mentioned in the Folder Titled "Final Report" 

# Quadratic DAO 

The app is deployed on: https://quadradao-app.azurewebsites.net

## Dependencies
Install these prerequisites to follow along with the tutorial. See free video tutorial or a full explanation of each prerequisite.
- NPM: https://nodejs.org
- Truffle: https://github.com/trufflesuite/truffle
- Ganache-CLI: https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/ethereum-and-clients/ganache-cli/
- Tailwind CSS: https://tailwindcss.com/
To deploy the Dapp on Azure Portal, you need a workable Azure(https://portal.azure.com/) account.

## Step 2. Install dependencies
```sh
$ cd <PROJECT NAME>
$ yarn install # or npm install
---------------------------------
- install node 

# install Truffle and Ganache globally
$ npm install -g truffle ganache-cli

# install openzeppelin: 
$ npm install @openzeppelin/contracts

- install Metamask
```

## Step 3. Start Ganache-CLI (skip if you want to deploy on Sepolia)
Open the terminal and run the command below.
```sh
$ ganache-cli
```

## Step 4. Compile & Deploy Smart Contract
`$ truffle migrate --reset`
Migrate your smart contract each time your restart ganache.
Use `--network development` flag if you want to deploy on ganache.
Use `--network sepolia` flag if you want to deploy on sepolia


## Step 5. Run the Front End Application
`$ yarn start`
Visit this URL in your browser: http://localhost:3000


-----------------------------



## Installation



## Configeration
At root folder, create an .env file:

```
PUBLIC_KEY=<Your_PUBLIC_KEY_TO_DEPLOY_CONTRACTS>
PRIVATE_KEY=<Your_PRIVATE_KEY_TO_DEPLOY_CONTRACTS>
SEPOLIA_API=<Your_SEPOLIA_NODE_ENDPOINT>
```

To use the Github Action to deploy on Sepolia and Azure, you need to add the above envs as well as your `AZURE_WEBAPP_PUBLISH_PROFILE` downloaded from Azure to Github secrets.

## Notes 

## FAQ
- **How to access different user priviledges?**
   For admin roles, signup then login with username and password both to 'admin' (NOTE: case sensitive, all lowercase). It will take you to list of all users where you can whitelist them and mint nfts for them.

   For normal user/voter, sign up and login with any username or password, where you can request to get whitelisted and access nfts for anonymous voting. 

   When a user requests the services mentioned above, the list on the admin page is updated in real time (you might to refresh the page). 

- **How do I use this with Ganache (or any other network)?**

  The Truffle project is set to deploy to Ganache by default. If you'd like to change this, it's as easy as modifying the Truffle config file! Check out [our documentation on adding network configurations](https://trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/reference/configuration/#networks). From there, you can run `truffle migrate` pointed to another network, restart the React dev server, and see the change take place.

- **Where can I find more resources?**

  This Box is a sweet combo of [Truffle](https://trufflesuite.com) and [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org). Either one would be a great place to start!

Commit message:

docs(README): added user accounts info

README.md, after:

## Final Report
The report is mentioned in the Folder Titled "Final Report" 

# Quadratic DAO 

The app is deployed on: https://quadradao-app.azurewebsites.net

## Dependencies
Install these prerequisites to follow along with the tutorial. See free video tutorial or a full explanation of each prerequisite.
- NPM: https://nodejs.org
- Truffle: https://github.com/trufflesuite/truffle
- Ganache-CLI: https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/ethereum-and-clients/ganache-cli/
- Tailwind CSS: https://tailwindcss.com/
To deploy the Dapp on Azure Portal, you need a workable Azure(https://portal.azure.com/) account.

## Step 2. Install dependencies
```sh
$ cd <PROJECT NAME>
$ yarn install # or npm install
---------------------------------
- install node 

# install Truffle and Ganache globally
$ npm install -g truffle ganache-cli

# install openzeppelin: 
$ npm install @openzeppelin/contracts

- install Metamask
```

## Step 3. Start Ganache-CLI (skip if you want to deploy on Sepolia)
Open the terminal and run the command below.
```sh
$ ganache-cli
```

## Step 4. Compile & Deploy Smart Contract
`$ truffle migrate --reset`
Migrate your smart contract each time your restart ganache.
Use `--network development` flag if you want to deploy on ganache.
Use `--network sepolia` flag if you want to deploy on sepolia


## Step 5. Run the Front End Application
`$ yarn start`
Visit this URL in your browser: http://localhost:3000


## Step 6. Managing User accounts

Once ganache-cli has started you should see several private keys and available accounts.

#### Access Admin account.

Note that the first account will always be the admin account. To add the admin account, import the first private
to Metamask.

#### Access other accounts.

To add other accounts, import other private keys into Metamask and connect them to the website.
Then you should be able to automatically register them by the prompt shown in the DApp after you refresh it.

To move through different accounts, simply click through different accounts on Metamask.


#### Accounts Creating proposals

Admin accounts automatically have full access to create proposals.

In order to create proposals for non-admin accounts, they must be a `Stakeholder`, in other words you must apply for an NFT
(via the apply button on the main page), and an admin account must click on the `Generate NFT` button to approve it.

Once the non-admin account becomes a `Stakeholder`, they can create proposals.


-----------------------------
## Installation



## Configuration
At root folder, create an .env file:

```
PUBLIC_KEY=<Your_PUBLIC_KEY_TO_DEPLOY_CONTRACTS>
PRIVATE_KEY=<Your_PRIVATE_KEY_TO_DEPLOY_CONTRACTS>
SEPOLIA_API=<Your_SEPOLIA_NODE_ENDPOINT>
```

To use the Github Action to deploy on Sepolia and Azure, you need to add the above envs as well as your `AZURE_WEBAPP_PUBLISH_PROFILE` downloaded from Azure to Github secrets.

## Notes 

## FAQ
- **How to access different user privileges?**
   For admin roles, signup then login with username and password both to 'admin' (NOTE: case sensitive, all lowercase). It will take you to list of all users where you can whitelist them and mint nfts for them.

   For normal user/voter, sign up and login with any username or password, where you can request to get whitelisted and access nfts for anonymous voting. 

   When a user requests the services mentioned above, the list on the admin page is updated in real time (you might to refresh the page). 

- **How do I use this with Ganache (or any other network)?**

  The Truffle project is set to deploy to Ganache by default. If you'd like to change this, it's as easy as modifying the Truffle config file! Check out [our documentation on adding network configurations](https://trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/reference/configuration/#networks). From there, you can run `truffle migrate` pointed to another network, restart the React dev server, and see the change take place.

- **Where can I find more resources?**

  This Box is a sweet combo of [Truffle](https://trufflesuite.com) and [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org). Either one would be a great place to start!
